# DocDriven Code Assistant Setup: ASP.NET

## Getting Started Guide

1. **Download as Zip**

    Download the repository content example as a zip file [here](https://github.com/docdrivencom/code-assistant-setup-dotnet/archive/refs/heads/main.zip).


2. **Unzip and Copy**

    Unzip the file and copy the `docdriven` directory and `docdriven.config.json` into the root of your ***ASP.NET Core Web*** project where you want the *Code Assistant* to operate. Ensure your project is inside a GitHub repository.

3. **Customize to fit your project**

    To get the most out of the *DocDriven Code Assistant*, you need to customize the configuration and input files based on your framework, namespace, coding style, libraries, and any other specific requirements you have. 


4. **Commit and Push**

    To enable the *Code Assistant*, you need to push the newly added directory and configuration file to your repository.

    ```shell
    git add docdriven
    git add docdriven.config.json
    git commit -m "Add: DocDriven Code Assistant configs"
    git push
    ```


5. **Back to the Browser**

    Visit [app.docdriven.com](https://app.docdriven.com) and navigate to the *Code Assistant* tab.


6. **Connect and Select**

    Once you've linked *DocDriven* with your GitHub account, select the repository and branch you just pushed to, and follow the instructions. You're all set!


7. **Start the Code Assistant**

    Using the provided example files, you can now have the *Code Assistant* generate .NET Controllers and Models by specifying *Endpoint Groups* and *Schema Groups* accordingly.

    If you use the default *Output* selection, the *Code Assistant* will create a new branch, add its generated files, and make a pull request to the original selected branch.

    Click "Run Code Assistant," and the *Code Assistant* will start. You will be taken to the "Log" where you can monitor the current status of the job.


8. **Code Assistant Completion**

    After the job completes, you will be able to click to open the pull request directly in GitHub and review the files generated by the *Code Assistant*. It is then up to you to review, checkout, modify, and merge.


We hope you'll enjoy using *DocDriven Code Assistant*.

For more info please check out [docs.docdriven.com](https://docs.docdriven.com/)